---
layout: post
title: Week 2!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
Everything is finally starting to settle down in terms of classwork, and this has allowed me to catch up on all my classwork. In the past week, I finally started on the first project due this week. I had a rough start thanks to a lot of setting up to do, but I am starting to make some good time on it. I am still not as far as I planned on being, but hopefully I won't have too much trouble with the rest of the assignment. I also am getting the hang of what I am supposed to know for the daily quizes, and hopefully I'll be more prepared for the type of questions that show up from now on.

## What's in your way? 
I think the hardest part of the week was that I am taking multiple programming intensive classes, and so am spending a lot of my time during the week getting set up for all of them. The schedule is also a bit more work than I expected it to be, but I am starting to get used to it.

## What will you do next week? 
Hopefully this week I'll be more prepared for the daily quizes and have the first assignment done on time.

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
The class has been relatively what I expected it so far, with learning basic python and setting up for more of the complicated things to come. The first assignment is taking a bit more time than I expected with my level of experience in Python, but hopefully its something I can get used to soon. I also didn't do as well as I expected to on the first 2 quizes, but I also expected them to be a bit different than what they quiz you on. Now that I know what to expect though, hopefully I'll be back on track soon.

## Tip-of the week:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0umGtw90Z4
