---
layout: post
title: Week 12!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
Everything is finally starting to settle down in terms of classwork, and this has allowed me to catch up on all my classwork. In the past week, I spent my time doing a lot of front end work for our website. The due date is coming up soon, and I want to make sure the front end is as polished as we possibly can get it to be. I had a rough start thanks to a lot of setting up to do, but I am starting to make some good time on it. I am still not as far as I planned on being, but hopefully I won't have too much trouble with the rest of the assignment.

## What's in your way? 
I think the hardest part of the week was that I am taking multiple programming intensive classes, and so am spending a lot of my time during the week getting set up for all of them. The schedule is also a bit more work than I expected it to be, but I am starting to get used to it.

## What will you do next week? 
This week I'll be continuing my work on the front end of the website. We have to make a lot of minor changes that will add a lot to the quality of our website. We have a lot of things planned for it, so hopefully I'll have enough time to get it all done.

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
The class has been relatively what I expected it so far, with learning python and making a website from scratch. The assignment is taking a bit more time than I expected with my level of experience in Python, but it's definitely been a great learning experience for me. Unfortunately, my grade in this class at this point will be purely defined by my quiz grades, as they are adding up to be more points that I am missing than all my assignments and tests combined. Even with the drop quizes, I am still doing not as great as I would've liked to on them, but hopefully I can still end up with an A in the class if I work hard enough on the project and test.

## Tip-of the week:
“The strong don't win. The winners are the strong ones.” 
