---
layout: post
title: Week 14!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
Everything is finally starting to settle down in terms of classwork, and this has allowed me to catch up on all my classwork. In the past week, I spent a lot of my time working on stuff for other classes. It was also thanksgiving, so I spent a lot of my time with my family and friends so that I could take a small break before finals start. I have a lot of capstone projects and finals this semester, so I am hoping I can get through it all without screwing up too much. 

## What's in your way? 
I think the hardest part of the week was that I am taking multiple programming intensive classes, and so am spending a lot of my time during the week getting set up for all of them. The schedule is also a bit more work than I expected it to be, but It's all almost over so I am kind of excited about that.

## What will you do next week? 
This week I'll focus on finishing up my capstone project for mobile computing and then study for the software engineering test. I did pretty well on my first test, so I am hopeful that I'll do the same on the second one.

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
The class has been an amazing experience and I have learned a lot from this class. I think it was put together really well, and while there were times where I was left a bit confused, I think it was worth taking. I wish I had more time to spend after the class though, since that would've helped me learn more of the stuff that I missed out on.

## Tip-of the week:
“You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.” 
