---
layout: post
title: Week 7!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
I spent the past week preparing for my Applied Stats and Software Engineering tests and finishing up my compilers project. I had a lot of close calls and not much sleep this past week since it was so busy, but I was glad it was over by Saturday. I also spent the weekend relaxing and taking a break from all the work and going out with my friends which I didn't get a chance to do during the week. 

## What's in your way? 
Time is usually in the way of getting things done. With a lot of my stuff due in the same week and usually only on Tuesdays and Thursdays (I only have classes 2 days a week but they add up to 12 hours) combined with part time work usually leaves me with very little time to do anything else in the week and a lot of catching up to do over the weekend.

## What will you do next week? 
This week I'll start preparing for another hell week next week where I have a lot of deadlines for projects and work to meet. I will also be continuing to apply for full-time positions for after graduation. 

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
After taking the first test, I am getting a clearer idea about what this class is about and the way it is going to go the rest of the semester. I am starting to get the hang of the quizes in the class and now I have a better idea of what we will be tested on the next test.

## Tip-of the week:
"He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else" - Benjamin Franklin 
