---
layout: post
title: Week 9!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
I spent the last week finishing up the project with my group. The project had a lot more work that needed to be done than what we initially expected, but I think we ended up finishing it to at least meet the minimum requirements for phase I if not more. It was sort of hard to get everyone to meet up at the same time and create hard deadlines with how busy everyone is, but we are getting better and efficient at it as we work more and more on the project.

## What's in your way? 
Time is pretty much the biggest obstacle in the way. Since we are almost halfway through the semester, all the midterms are pilling up and taking away most of my time. It's getting harder to keep up with my classes since I have to skip sometimes to make up for other classes, but after next week the forecast on my calendar looks much better so I am looking forward to it.

## What will you do next week? 
I will finally get a break from all my assignments and tests next week so I am going to be celebrating my last halloween (only the best holiday that isn't really a holiday of the year) in Austin at the fullest.

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
I have a better idea of what this class is about after the first test and the big project reveal. I think the hardest part for this class for me right now is keeping up with the quizes, which are worth 20% of the grade. At this point, I am missing more points on those than my test and projects combined. Hopefully I'll get better at them the second half of the semester.

## Tip-of the week:
"The trick to any real strategy is that everyone is human." - Unknown
