---
layout: post
title: Week 6!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
I spent the past week finishing up projects for my other classes and preparing for the tests that I have this week. My last week was a long needed break and so I didn't get as much as I thought I would get done, but the week is still just starting so maybe I have just enough time to catch up. I also went jet skiing over the weekend for the first time, which was a crazy experience. There was just something great about going full speed on the water and hitting the wind and the waves. 

## What's in your way? 
As always, with recruiting season and graduate school applications, time is of the essence. It's been pretty hard to keep up with everything, but I am going with the flow at this point trying to meet any and every deadline I can to the best of my ability.

## What will you do next week? 
This week I'll spend preparing for the Software Engineering and Applied Statistics tests that I have on thursday. They are both on the same day, so studying for them is kind of hard since I have to prioritize my time. I also have 2 assignments due for other classes, so I'll also be spending a lot of my time working on them. Luckily, I ended up finishing most of one over the weekend, so at least I have that going for me.

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
My experience in the class hasn't changed much from the previous week, but as the first test gets closer I am sure that'll change. 

## Tip-of the week:
"It's silly to work hard the whole week and then spoil it by not preparing properly before the game." - Arsene Wenger
