---
layout: post
title: Week 4!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
I spent most of my week applying to different places and preparing for recruiting this week. I also spent some time looking at the project, but have not gotten a good start on it just yet. I ended up spending most of my time finishing up projects due for other classes, since they were due this week.

## What's in your way? 
Being efficient with time and prioritizing. I am trying to split my time up between work, school and friends and it can get hard during your senior year.

## What will you do next week? 
This week I plan on working on the 3 projects I have due on thursday. In terms of this class, my partner and I plan on meeting up 3 days this week so that we can finish it off before the due date, so hopefully that'll be enough to get it done. The rest of the time I'll be spending on catching up and finishing up the solo projects in other classes. After thursday, I'll be taking a long break before preparing for the tests next week.

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
The class is starting to get pretty interesting with things I didn't know about python. I consider myself pretty good with python, but I am learning a lot of the abstracted theoretical stuff in Python that I didn't know about till now. The projects in the class are also pretty interesting, albeit time consuming.

## Tip-of the week:
Learn from other people's mistakes on piazza before spending an hour on it of your own time.
