---
layout: post
title: Week 5!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
This past week I spent working on 3 different projects and somehow managing to finish them on time. For this class, my partner and I ended up finishing the project the day before it was due, but we ended up finishing it so late in the night that we screwed up and lost 5% of the grade by messing up the github link in the json. Fortunately, it still means that we are starting at a passing grade, so hopefully we won't get too big of a loss on the project. I also spent my time after thursday applying to full-time positions since recruiting season is almost about over and I am a bit behind.

## What's in your way? 
This week is a bit of an easier week compared to last week, so I think this week will be a lot less stressful. But its only the calm before the storm, since next week onwards is the first set of midterms.

## What will you do next week? 
Next week I'll start preparing for all my tests the week after so that I can get a head start on my tests. I am a bit behind in my classes in terms of content since I ended up skipping a few to finish up the assignments due, so I am going to use the free time this week to catch up on that content.

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
My experience in the class hasn't changed much from the previous week, but as the first test gets closer I am sure that'll change. 

## Tip-of the week:
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.  
