---
layout: post
title: Week 10!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
My group and I spent the last week continuing to work on the website. After finishing the initial static phase, we are starting to implement more dynamic pages and better aesthetics for the second phase. We are also trying to get our backend working since that is a major part of the second phase. Apart from this class, I am also trying to finish up the capstone project for my mobile class and study for my applied statistics test coming up this thursday. 

## What's in your way? 
At the moment, taking 3 CS classes with a heavy work-load and a math class with a lot of reading is really in the way. I should've probably tried to spread out my CS classes more, but thanks to registration in the previous years I don't really have much of a choice but to take a hard senior year. Hopefully, next semester I can have more of a relaxed semester.

## What will you do next week? 
Next week I'll be taking my GRE for the first time! I havn't studied as much as I should have for it, but hopefully it won't be too bad. UT does have a high standard for GRE scores for it's CS graduate school, but I am hoping that my application will be strong enough to even out whatever I get on the GRE. 

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
I am learning a lot about web development from a backend point of view. So far, I have only interned as a frontend developer, so learning everything that goes on in the backend is kind of cool. It puts together the pieces that were missing this whole time. 

## Tip-of the week:
"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one though over another" - William James
