---
layout: post
title: Week 11!
---

## What did you do this past week? 
Our group for the project spent this past week cleaning up the website and adding more functionalities. We added in as much as we could get done, and it turned out pretty good overall, but I think it could use a lot of work for the minor details. I also spent the past week studying for and finishing up the second round of midterms. I am happy that I am done with those, except it was a short lived excitement since now I have to focus on more projects.

## What's in your way? 
This week the biggest thing that is going to be in my way will be conflicting deadlines. This makes it much harder for me to prioritize work since I am at about the same level in terms of grades 

## What will you do next week? 
Next week I will be working on my capstone project for mobile computing and a big project for my compilers class. Both of these projects are due around the same time, and I am a bit worried it will be a race against time finishing both of them. I will also be spending this week looking into some of the minor issues in the project and fix those up on the front end. 

## Describe your experience in the class so far.
I am learning a lot about web development from a backend point of view. So far, I have only interned as a frontend developer, so learning everything that goes on in the backend is kind of cool. It puts together the pieces that were missing this whole time. 

## Tip-of the week:
"Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of yours" - Zig Ziglar
